Meeting Minutes
===============
Date: Jan 26, 2025

Time: 12:00pm CST

-------------------

# In Attendance:
1. Mateo
2. Kaye
3. Darian
4. Chineze
5. Prashant
6. Scott

---------------------------

# Agenda

1. Project Propsal Presentation

2. Sprint 1
    * 2.1 Issues on GitHub
    * 2.2 Issue naming conventions
    * 2.3 Set-up coding conventions

-------

# Issues on Github
* All created and done. Divided the workload evenly between members.
    * Including setting the naming convention.

# Coding Conventions

## File Names
All JavaScript files will use the PascalCase naming convention

## Variables
Normal variables will use the camelCase naming convention

Global variables and constants will use UPPERCASE letters

## Functions
All functions will use the snake_case naming convention

## Comments
All functions will be commented with a block header that look like this

```
/*
Comment/explanation about the function here
*/
```

## Coding Principles
* Keep your methods short.
* Comment everything that would require time spent thinking.
* Declare your variabels as close as possible to the place where you will use them.
* Methods which can be split apart should be.

## Branching
Each feature will get a separate branch where all the work will be done to complete that feature.

We will also have a development branch that the features get pushed to before going to main.

A code review will be conducted by at least one other person before each feature is merged to the development and main branches.



# Project Proposal Presentation
* Worked on as a team, completed the presentation. Potentially review presentation before thursday.

# Conclusion
* Meeting Ended: 2:20pm
* Next meeting: Tuesday January 28, 8:00pm 

## Next Agenda
* Review all submittables
